src/routes/motd/motd.md, before:

`2024-11-12`

### Message of the day

# Welcome to Hollama: a simple web interface for [Ollama](https://ollama.ai)

#### What's new?

- **[Knowledge](/knowledge)** can now be used as context at any point in a Session.
- **OpenAI models** ✨ are now _(optionally)_ available in Sessions. Set your own API key in [Settings](/settings)

#### Previously, in Hollama

- **Model** and **advanced Ollama settings** can be changed at any time on an existing session
- **Multi-language support**
- **Enhanced models menu** now shows parameter size and highlights recently used models
- **Download** [Ollama models](https://ollama.ai/models) from [Settings](/settings)
- **Editable messages** in [Sessions](/sessions)
- **Desktop app** is now available for [Windows, macOS & Linux](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/releases)

#### What's next?

- [In the works](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/pulls)
- [Short-term priorities](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Apriority)
- And we are **always tweaking the UI**

#### Contributions

We welcome contributions from people familiar with **Svelte**, **TypeScript** and **TailwindCSS**.
If that sparks your interest, read this next: [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

If you want to contribute in a _less_ technical role, such as UI/UX designers or if you are good at prompt engineering, please [reach out](mailto:hello@fernando.is)

#### About

Created by [@fmaclen](https://fernando.is), made with the help of [contributors](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/graphs/contributors)

Commit message:

feat: can connect multiple servers (#234)
Fixes #233 

- [x] Updates to Svelte 5 (with a partial migration to runes)
- [x] Update tests
- [x] Fix build warnings
- [x] Fix linter errors
- [ ] ~~Remove unused i18n keys from non-english languages~~
- [x] Update locales for Chinese `zh-cn` and Spanish `es`
- [x] Add new tests

src/routes/motd/motd.md, after:

`2024-11-25`

### Message of the day

# Welcome to Hollama: a simple web interface for [Ollama](https://ollama.ai)

#### What's new?

- **Multiple-server support** allows you to connect to one or more Ollama (and/or OpenAI) servers at the same time.
- **Models list can be filtered** by keyword for each server.
- **Servers can be labeled** to help you identify them in the models list.

#### Previously, in Hollama

- **OpenAI models** are now _(optionally)_ available in Sessions. Set your own API key in [Settings](/settings)
- **[Knowledge](/knowledge)** can now be used as context at any point in a Session.
- **Model** and **advanced Ollama settings** can be changed at any time on an existing session
- **Multi-language support**
- **Enhanced models menu** now shows parameter size and highlights recently used models
- **Download** [Ollama models](https://ollama.ai/models) from [Settings](/settings)
- **Editable messages** in [Sessions](/sessions)
- **Desktop app** is now available for [Windows, macOS & Linux](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/releases)

#### What's next?

- [In the works](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/pulls)
- [Short-term priorities](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Apriority)
- And we are **always tweaking the UI**

#### Contributions

We welcome contributions from people familiar with **Svelte**, **TypeScript** and **TailwindCSS**.
If that sparks your interest, read this next: [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

If you want to contribute in a _less_ technical role, such as UI/UX designers or if you are good at prompt engineering, please [reach out](mailto:hello@fernando.is)

#### About

Created by [@fmaclen](https://fernando.is), made with the help of [contributors](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/graphs/contributors)
