README.md, before:

# Hollama

A minimal web-UI for talking to [Ollama](https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama/) servers.

### Features

- Support for **Ollama** & **OpenAI** models
- Multi-server support
- Large prompt fields
- Support for reasoning models
- Markdown rendering with syntax highlighting
- KaTeX math notation
- Code editor features
- Customizable system prompts & advanced Ollama parameters
- Copy code snippets, messages or entire sessions
- Edit & retry messages
- Stores data locally on your browser
- Responsive layout
- Light & dark themes
- Multi-language interface
- Download [Ollama models](https://ollama.ai/models) directly from the UI

### Get started

- ⚡️ [Live demo](https://hollama.fernando.is)
  - _No sign-up required_
- 🖥️ Download for [macOS, Windows & Linux](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/releases)
- 🐳 [Self-hosting](SELF_HOSTING.md) with Docker
- 🐞 [Contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)

| ![session](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/session.png)         | ![settings](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/settings.png)   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![session-new](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/session-new.png) | ![knowledge](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/knowledge.png) |

Commit message:

feat: support for vision models (Ollama + OpenAI) (#296)
Closes #230 
Closes #128

README.md, after:

# Hollama

A minimal LLM chat app that runs _entirely_ in your browser.

### Features

- Support for **Ollama** & **OpenAI** servers
- Multi-server support
- Text & vision models
- Large prompt fields
- Support for reasoning models
- Markdown rendering with syntax highlighting
- KaTeX math notation
- Code editor features
- Customizable system prompts & advanced Ollama parameters
- Copy code snippets, messages or entire sessions
- Edit & retry messages
- Stores data locally on your browser
- Responsive layout
- Light & dark themes
- Multi-language interface
- Download [Ollama models](https://ollama.ai/models) directly from the UI

### Get started

- ⚡️ [Live demo](https://hollama.fernando.is)
  - _No sign-up required_
- 🖥️ Download for [macOS, Windows & Linux](https://github.com/fmaclen/hollama/releases)
- 🐳 [Self-hosting](SELF_HOSTING.md) with Docker
- 🐞 [Contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)

| ![session](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/session.png)         | ![settings](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/settings.png)   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![session-new](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/session-new.png) | ![knowledge](tests/docs.test.ts-snapshots/knowledge.png) |
